.TH "SOPLOS-WELCOME" "1" "2026-01-09" "Soplos Linux" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
soplos-welcome \- The advanced welcome application for Soplos Linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B soplos-welcome
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B soplos-welcome
is the primary welcome application for new Soplos Linux installations.
It provides a comprehensive interface for:
.IP \[bu] 2
Initial system configuration and personalization.
.IP \[bu]
Recommended software installation.
.IP \[bu]
Hardware driver detection and installation (NVIDIA, etc.).
.IP \[bu]
Desktop theme customization.
.IP \[bu]
Access to community resources and documentation.
.P
Designed to be desktop-agnostic, checking the running environment (GNOME, KDE, XFCE) to adapt its behavior.
.SH OPTIONS
Application Options:
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show help options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-all
Show all help options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-gtk
Show GTK+ Options.
.P
GTK+ Options:
.TP
.B \-\-display=\fIDISPLAY\fR
X display to use.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/autostart/org.soplos.welcome.desktop
User-specific autostart configuration file. If present, Soplos Welcome will launch automatically on login.
.TP
.I /usr/share/soplos-welcome/
Application resources directory containing UI files, themes, and translations.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Sergi Perich <info@soploslinux.com> for the Soplos Linux project.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Sergi Perich.
License: GPL-3.0-or-later <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR soplos-repo-selector (1)
